These O
vulnerabilities O
may O
corrupt O
memory B-relevant_term
in O
such O
a O
way O
that O
an O
attacker O
could O
execute B-relevant_term
arbitrary I-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
in O
the O
context O
of O
the O
current O
user O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
. O

The O
most O
severe O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
views O
a O
specially O
crafted O
webpage O
using O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
the O
most O
severe O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
that O
is O
designed O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
through O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
and O
then O
convince O
a O
user O
to O
view O
the O
website O
. O

The O
attacker O
could O
also O
take O
advantage O
of O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
. O

These O
websites O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
view O
the O
attacker-controlled O
content O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
take O
action O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
in O
an O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
or O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
open O
an O
attachment O
sent O
through O
email O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
that O
is O
designed O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
through O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
and O
then O
convince O
a O
user O
to O
view O
the O
website O
. O

The O
attacker O
could O
also O
take O
advantage O
of O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
. O

These O
websites O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
view O
the O
attacker-controlled O
content O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
take O
action O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
in O
an O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
or O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
open O
an O
attachment O
sent O
through O
email O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

By O
default O
 O
all B-version
supported B-version
versions B-version
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Outlook O
 O
Microsoft B-vendor
Outlook O
Express O
 O
and O
Windows B-os
Mail O
open O
HTML B-relevant_term
email O
messages O
in O
the O
Restricted O
sites O
zone O
. O

The O
Restricted O
sites O
zone O
 O
which O
disables O
script B-relevant_term
and O
ActiveX O
controls O
 O
helps O
reduce O
the O
risk O
of O
an O
attacker O
being O
able O
to O
use O
these O
vulnerabilities O
to O
execute B-relevant_term
malicious O
code B-relevant_term
. O

If O
a O
user O
clicks O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
 O
the O
user O
could O
still O
be O
vulnerable O
to O
exploitation O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
through O
the O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
. O

By O
default O
 O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
on O
Windows B-os
Server O
2003 O
 O
Windows B-os
Server O
2008 O
 O
Windows B-os
Server O
2008 O
R2 O
 O
and O
Windows B-os
Server O
2012 O
runs O
in O
a O
restricted O
mode O
that O
is O
known O
as O
Enhanced O
Security O
Configuration B-relevant_term
. O

This O
mode O
mitigates O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

See O
the O
FAQ O
section O
for O
these O
vulnerabilities O
for O
more O
information B-relevant_term
about O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
Enhanced O
Security O
Configuration B-relevant_term
. O

Systems O
where O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
is O
used O
frequently O
 O
such O
as O
workstations O
or O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
at O
the O
most O
risk O
from O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
Use O
After O
Free O
Vulnerability O
Set O
Internet O
and O
Local B-relevant_term
intranet O
security O
zone O
settings O
to O
 O
High O
 O
to O
block O
ActiveX O
Controls O
and O
Active O
Scripting B-relevant_term
in O
these O
zones O
Configure O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
to O
prompt O
before O
running O
Active O
Scripting B-relevant_term
or O
to O
disable O
Active O
Scripting B-relevant_term
in O
the O
Internet O
and O
Local B-relevant_term
intranet O
security O
zone O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Signed O
Integer B-relevant_term
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Pointer O
Handling O
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Buffer O
Underflow B-relevant_term
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

An O
elevation O
of O
privilege O
vulnerability O
exists O
when O
the O
Microsoft B-vendor
DirectX O
graphics O
kernel B-relevant_term
subsystem O
( O
dxgkrnl.sys O
) O
improperly O
handles O
objects O
in O
memory B-relevant_term
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
three O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Windows B-os
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
elevation O
of O
privilege O
if O
an O
attacker O
logs O
on O
to O
the O
system O
and O
runs O
a O
specially O
crafted O
application B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
must O
have O
valid O
logon O
credentials B-relevant_term
and O
be O
able O
to O
log O
on O
locally O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
elevated O
privileges B-relevant_term
and O
read O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
amounts O
of O
kernel B-relevant_term
memory B-relevant_term
. O

To O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
first O
have O
to O
log O
on O
to O
the O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
run O
a O
specially O
crafted O
application B-relevant_term
designed O
to O
increase O
privileges B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
must O
have O
valid O
logon O
credentials B-relevant_term
and O
be O
able O
to O
log O
on O
locally O
to O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

Workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

DirectX O
Graphics O
Kernel B-relevant_term
Subsystem O
Double O
Fetch O
Vulnerability O
Microsoft B-vendor
has O
not O
identified O
any O
workarounds O
for O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
three O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Windows B-os
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
elevation O
of O
privilege O
if O
an O
attacker O
logs O
on O
to O
the O
system O
and O
runs O
a O
specially O
crafted O
application B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
must O
have O
valid O
logon O
credentials B-relevant_term
and O
be O
able O
to O
log O
on O
locally O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
elevated O
privileges B-relevant_term
and O
cause O
system O
instability O
. O

An O
attacker O
must O
have O
valid O
logon O
credentials B-relevant_term
and O
be O
able O
to O
log O
on O
locally O
to O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

Workstations O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Win32k O
Buffer B-relevant_term
Overflow I-relevant_term
Vulnerability O
Microsoft B-vendor
has O
not O
identified O
any O
workarounds O
for O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
three O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Windows B-os
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
elevation O
of O
privilege O
if O
an O
attacker O
logs O
on O
to O
the O
system O
and O
runs O
a O
specially O
crafted O
application B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
must O
have O
valid O
logon O
credentials B-relevant_term
and O
be O
able O
to O
log O
on O
locally O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
run O
processes O
in O
an O
elevated O
context O
. O

To O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
first O
have O
to O
log O
on O
to O
the O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
run O
a O
specially O
crafted O
application B-relevant_term
designed O
to O
increase O
privileges B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
must O
have O
valid O
logon O
credentials B-relevant_term
and O
be O
able O
to O
log O
on O
locally O
to O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

Workstations O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Win32k O
Window O
Handle O
Vulnerability O
Microsoft B-vendor
has O
not O
identified O
any O
workarounds O
for O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

A O
spoofing O
vulnerability O
exists O
when O
the O
Microsoft B-vendor
.NET B-application
Framework I-application
fails O
to O
properly O
validate O
the O
signature O
of O
a O
specially O
crafted O
XML O
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
modify O
the O
contents O
of O
an O
XML O
file O
without O
invalidating O
the O
signature O
associated O
with O
the O
file O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
two O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
the O
.NET B-application
Framework I-application
. O

The O
more O
severe O
of O
the O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
spoofing O
if O
a O
.NET B-version
application B-relevant_term
receives O
a O
specially O
crafted O
XML O
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
the O
vulnerabilities O
could O
modify O
the O
contents O
of O
an O
XML O
file O
without O
invalidating O
the O
file's O
signature O
and O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
access B-relevant_term
to O
endpoint O
functions O
as O
if O
they O
were O
an O
authenticated B-relevant_term
user O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
modify O
the O
contents O
of O
an O
XML O
file O
without O
invalidating O
the O
signature O
associated O
with O
the O
file O
. O

If O
a O
.NET B-version
application B-relevant_term
relies O
on O
the O
signature O
to O
be O
non-malicious O
 O
the O
behavior O
of O
the O
application B-relevant_term
could O
become O
unpredictable O
. O

In O
custom O
applications O
 O
the O
security O
impact O
depends O
on O
the O
specific O
usage O
scenario O
. O

In O
a O
.NET B-version
application B-relevant_term
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
modify O
the O
contents O
of O
an O
XML O
file O
without O
invalidating O
the O
signature O
associated O
with O
the O
file O
. O

Microsoft B-vendor
has O
not O
identified O
any O
mitigating O
factors O
for O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

Workstations O
and O
servers O
that O
run O
Windows B-os
.NET B-application
Framework I-application
applications O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
from O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

XML O
Digital O
Signature O
Spoofing O
Vulnerability O
Use O
a O
secure O
channel O
to O
transmit O
sensitive B-relevant_term
information I-relevant_term
A O
security O
feature O
bypass B-relevant_term
vulnerability O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
the O
Microsoft B-vendor
.NET B-application
Framework I-application
improperly O
creates O
policy O
requirements O
for O
authentication B-relevant_term
when O
setting O
up O
custom O
WCF O
endpoint O
authentication B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
would O
have O
access B-relevant_term
to O
the O
endpoint O
functions O
as O
if O
they O
were O
authenticated B-relevant_term
 O
allowing O
an O
attacker O
to O
steal O
information B-relevant_term
or O
take O
any O
actions O
in O
the O
context O
of O
an O
authenticated B-relevant_term
user O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
two O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
the O
.NET B-application
Framework I-application
. O

The O
more O
severe O
of O
the O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
spoofing O
if O
a O
.NET B-version
application B-relevant_term
receives O
a O
specially O
crafted O
XML O
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
the O
vulnerabilities O
could O
modify O
the O
contents O
of O
an O
XML O
file O
without O
invalidating O
the O
file's O
signature O
and O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
access B-relevant_term
to O
endpoint O
functions O
as O
if O
they O
were O
an O
authenticated B-relevant_term
user O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
access B-relevant_term
to O
endpoint O
functions O
as O
if O
they O
were O
an O
authenticated B-relevant_term
user O
. O

The O
context O
of O
the O
authentication B-relevant_term
bypass B-relevant_term
and O
the O
degree O
to O
which O
systems O
are O
impacted O
by O
the O
vulnerability O
is O
specific O
to O
each O
custom O
application B-relevant_term
. O

A O
program O
that O
validates O
the O
role O
and O
credentials B-relevant_term
of O
the O
user O
will O
be O
minimally O
impacted O
by O
the O
vulnerability O
by O
hindering O
an O
attacker's O
attempts O
to O
steal O
information B-relevant_term
or O
take O
any O
actions O
in O
the O
context O
of O
the O
authenticated B-relevant_term
user O
. O

However O
 O
programs O
that O
do O
not O
do O
these O
validation O
checks O
could O
allow O
an O
attacker O
to O
obtain B-relevant_term
information B-relevant_term
that O
is O
available O
only O
to O
authenticated B-relevant_term
users O
or O
could O
allow O
an O
attacker O
to O
take O
action O
on O
behalf O
of O
an O
authenticated B-relevant_term
user O
. O

In O
a O
.NET B-version
application B-relevant_term
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
send O
specially O
crafted O
queries O
to O
a O
WCF O
endpoint O
. O

By O
default O
the O
WCF O
authentication B-relevant_term
mode O
is O
set O
to O
 O
Windows B-os
 O
in O
the O
userNamePasswordValidationMode O
property O
 O
which O
is O
not O
vulnerable O
. O

Workstations O
and O
servers O
that O
run O
Windows B-os
WCF O
services O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
from O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

Authentication B-relevant_term
Bypass B-relevant_term
Vulnerability O
- O
CVE-2013-1337 B-cve id
Use O
netHttpBinding O
with O
TransportWithMessageCredential O
instead O
of O
netHttpsBinding O
A O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerability O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
accesses O
an O
object O
in O
memory B-relevant_term
that O
has O
been O
deleted O
or O
has O
not O
been O
properly O
allocated O
. O

The O
vulnerability O
may O
corrupt O
memory B-relevant_term
in O
a O
way O
that O
could O
allow O
an O
attacker O
to O
execute B-relevant_term
arbitrary I-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
in O
the O
context O
of O
the O
current O
user O
within O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
that O
is O
designed O
to O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
through O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
and O
then O
convince O
a O
user O
to O
view O
the O
website O
. O

HTML B-relevant_term
Sanitization O
Vulnerability O
A O
cross-site B-relevant_term
scripting I-relevant_term
and O
elevation O
of O
privilege O
vulnerability O
exists O
in O
SharePoint O
allows B-relevant_term
attacker-controlled O
JavaScript B-programming_language
to O
run O
in O
the O
context O
of O
the O
user O
clicking O
a O
link O
. O

However O
 O
if O
Word B-application
is O
the O
selected O
email O
reader O
 O
which O
is O
the O
default O
case O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Outlook O
2007 B-version
and O
Outlook O
2010 B-version
 O
then O
an O
attacker O
could O
leverage O
Outlook O
for O
the O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
vector O
to O
exploit O
CVE-2012-2528 B-cve_id
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
RTF O
email O
message O
to O
the O
target O
user O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
persuade O
a O
user O
to O
visit O
the O
Web O
site O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
the O
user O
to O
the O
vulnerable O
Web O
site.This O
security O
update O
is O
rated O
Important O
for O
Visual O
Studio O
2010 B-version
and O
Visual O
Studio O
2010 B-version
SP1 B-update
. O

The O
attacker O
would O
only O
be O
able O
to O
gain B-relevant_term
elevated O
privileges B-relevant_term
on O
the O
affected O
Mac B-edition
computer O
if O
a O
user O
executed O
the O
malicious O
executable O
. O

However O
 O
the O
attacker O
would O
only O
be O
able O
to O
gain B-relevant_term
elevated O
privileges B-relevant_term
on O
the O
affected O
Mac B-edition
computer O
if O
a O
user O
runs O
the O
malicious O
executable O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
one O
publicly O
disclosed O
vulnerability O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office B-application
for O
Mac B-edition
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
one O
publicly O
disclosed O
vulnerability O
in O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
. O

The O
vulnerability O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
views O
a O
specially O
crafted O
webpage O
using O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
that O
is O
designed O
to O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
through O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
and O
then O
convince O
a O
user O
to O
view O
the O
website O
. O

The O
attacker O
could O
also O
take O
advantage O
of O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
. O

These O
websites O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
view O
the O
attacker-controlled O
content O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
take O
action O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
in O
an O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
or O
by O
opening O
an O
attachment O
sent O
through O
email O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
that O
is O
designed O
to O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
through O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
. O

The O
attacker O
could O
also O
take O
advantage O
of O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
. O

These O
websites O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
view O
the O
attacker-controlled O
content O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
take O
action O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
in O
an O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
or O
by O
opening O
an O
attachment O
sent O
through O
email O
. O

By O
default O
 O
all B-version
supported B-version
versions B-version
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Outlook O
 O
Microsoft B-vendor
Outlook O
Express O
 O
and O
Windows B-os
Mail O
open O
HTML B-relevant_term
email O
messages O
in O
the O
Restricted O
sites O
zone O
. O

The O
Restricted O
sites O
zone O
 O
which O
disables O
script B-relevant_term
and O
ActiveX O
controls O
 O
helps O
reduce O
the O
risk O
of O
an O
attacker O
being O
able O
to O
use O
this O
vulnerability O
to O
execute B-relevant_term
malicious O
code B-relevant_term
. O

Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
Use O
After O
Free O
Vulnerability O
Set O
Internet O
and O
Local B-relevant_term
intranet O
security O
zone O
settings O
to O
 O
High O
 O
to O
block O
ActiveX O
Controls O
and O
Active O
Scripting B-relevant_term
in O
these O
zones O
Configure O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
to O
prompt O
before O
running O
Active O
Scripting B-relevant_term
or O
to O
disable O
Active O
Scripting B-relevant_term
in O
the O
Internet O
and O
Local B-relevant_term
intranet O
security O
zone O
Remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exist O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
accesses O
an O
object O
in O
memory B-relevant_term
that O
has O
been O
deleted O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
may O
corrupt O
memory B-relevant_term
in O
such O
a O
way O
that O
an O
attacker O
could O
execute B-relevant_term
arbitrary I-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
in O
the O
context O
of O
the O
current O
user O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
. O

The O
most O
severe O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
views O
a O
specially O
crafted O
webpage O
using O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
the O
most O
severe O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
that O
is O
designed O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
through O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
and O
then O
convince O
a O
user O
to O
view O
the O
website O
. O

The O
attacker O
could O
also O
take O
advantage O
of O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
. O

These O
websites O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
view O
the O
attacker-controlled O
content O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
take O
action O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
in O
an O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
or O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
open O
an O
attachment O
sent O
through O
email O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
that O
is O
designed O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
through O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
and O
then O
convince O
a O
user O
to O
view O
the O
website O
. O

The O
attacker O
could O
also O
take O
advantage O
of O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
. O

These O
websites O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
view O
the O
attacker-controlled O
content O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
take O
action O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
in O
an O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
or O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
open O
an O
attachment O
sent O
through O
email O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

By O
default O
 O
all B-version
supported B-version
versions B-version
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Outlook O
 O
Microsoft B-vendor
Outlook O
Express O
 O
and O
Windows B-os
Mail O
open O
HTML B-relevant_term
email O
messages O
in O
the O
Restricted O
sites O
zone O
. O

The O
Restricted O
sites O
zone O
 O
which O
disables O
script B-relevant_term
and O
ActiveX O
controls O
 O
helps O
reduce O
the O
risk O
of O
an O
attacker O
being O
able O
to O
use O
these O
vulnerabilities O
to O
execute B-relevant_term
malicious O
code B-relevant_term
. O

If O
a O
user O
clicks O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
 O
the O
user O
could O
still O
be O
vulnerable O
to O
exploitation O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
through O
the O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
. O

By O
default O
 O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
on O
Windows B-os
Server O
2003 O
 O
Windows B-os
Server O
2008 O
 O
Windows B-os
Server O
2008 O
R2 O
 O
and O
Windows B-os
Server O
2012 O
runs O
in O
a O
restricted O
mode O
that O
is O
known O
as O
Enhanced O
Security O
Configuration B-relevant_term
. O

This O
mode O
mitigates O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

See O
the O
FAQ O
section O
for O
these O
vulnerabilities O
for O
more O
information B-relevant_term
about O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
Enhanced O
Security O
Configuration B-relevant_term
. O

Systems O
where O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
is O
used O
frequently O
 O
such O
as O
workstations O
or O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
at O
the O
most O
risk O
from O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
Use O
After O
Free O
Vulnerability O
Set O
Internet O
and O
Local B-relevant_term
intranet O
security O
zone O
settings O
to O
 O
High O
 O
to O
block O
ActiveX O
Controls O
and O
Active O
Scripting B-relevant_term
in O
these O
zones O
Configure O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
to O
prompt O
before O
running O
Active O
Scripting B-relevant_term
or O
to O
disable O
Active O
Scripting B-relevant_term
in O
the O
Internet O
and O
Local B-relevant_term
intranet O
security O
zone O
Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Negative O
Value B-relevant_term
Allocation O
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Integer B-relevant_term
Overflow I-relevant_term
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Corrupt O
Interface O
Pointer O
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Return O
Value B-relevant_term
Handling O
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Buffer B-relevant_term
Overflow I-relevant_term
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Return O
Value B-relevant_term
Validation O
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Invalid O
Range O
Check O
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

This O
security O
update O
resolves O
eleven O
privately O
reported O
vulnerabilities O
in O
Microsoft B-vendor
Office O
. O

The O
vulnerabilities O
could O
allow O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
if O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
run O
arbitrary B-relevant_term
code I-relevant_term
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
the O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
require O
that O
a O
user O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
with O
an O
affected O
version O
of O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
. O

In O
an O
email O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
exploit O
the O
vulnerabilities O
by O
sending O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
to O
the O
user O
and O
then O
convincing O
the O
user O
to O
open O
the O
file O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
Publisher B-application
file O
that O
is O
used O
to O
attempt O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

An O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
them O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
them O
to O
the O
attacker's O
site O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
the O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
cannot O
be O
exploited O
automatically O
through O
e-mail O
. O

For O
an O
attack B-relevant_term
to O
be O
successful O
a O
user O
must O
open O
an O
attachment O
that O
is O
sent O
in O
an O
e-mail O
message O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
addition O
 O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
visit O
the O
website O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
and O
then O
convince O
them O
to O
open O
a O
specially O
crafted O
Publisher B-application
file O
. O

Systems O
where O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
is O
used O
 O
including O
workstations O
and O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
primarily O
at O
risk O
. O

Servers O
could O
be O
at O
more O
risk O
if O
administrators O
allow O
users O
to O
log O
on O
to O
servers O
and O
to O
run O
programs O
. O

However O
 O
best O
practices O
strongly O
discourage O
allowing O
this O
. O

Publisher B-application
Incorrect O
NULL O
Value B-relevant_term
Handling O
Vulnerability O
Do O
not O
open O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
that O
you O
receive O
from O
untrusted O
sources O
or O
that O
you O
receive O
unexpectedly O
from O
trusted O
sources O
. O

These O
vulnerabilities O
could O
be O
exploited O
when O
a O
user O
opens O
a O
specially O
crafted O
file O
. O

Multiple O
remote B-relevant_term
code B-relevant_term
execution O
vulnerabilities O
exists O
in O
the O
way O
that O
Microsoft B-vendor
Publisher B-application
parses O
Publisher B-application
files B-relevant_term
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
any O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

Users O
whose O
accounts O
are O
configured O
to O
have O
fewer O
user O
rights O
on O
the O
system O
could O
be O
less O
impacted O
than O
users O
who O
operate O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
. O

For O
information B-relevant_term
about O
specific O
configuration B-relevant_term
options O
in O
automatic O
updating O
 O
see O
Microsoft B-vendor
Knowledge O
Base O
Article O
294871 O
. O

For O
administrators O
and O
enterprise O
installations O
 O
or O
end O
users O
who O
want O
to O
install O
this O
security O
update O
manually O
 O
Microsoft B-vendor
recommends O
that O
customers O
apply O
the O
update O
immediately O
using O
update O
management O
software O
 O
or O
by O
checking O
for O
updates O
using O
the O
Microsoft B-vendor
Update O
service B-relevant_term
. O

See O
also O
the O
section O
 O
Detection O
and O
Deployment O
Tools O
and O
Guidance O
 O
later O
in O
this O
bulletin O
. O

Known O
Issues O
. O

None O
. O

An O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
gain B-relevant_term
the O
same O
user O
rights O
as O
the O
current O
user O
. O

If O
the O
current O
user O
is O
logged O
on O
with O
administrative O
user O
rights O
 O
an O
attacker O
who O
successfully O
exploited O
this O
vulnerability O
could O
take O
complete O
control O
of O
an O
affected O
system O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
then O
install O
programs O
; O
view O
 O
change O
 O
or O
delete O
data O
; O
or O
create O
new O
accounts O
with O
full O
user O
rights O
. O

An O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
specially O
crafted O
website O
that O
is O
designed O
to O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
through O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
and O
then O
convince O
a O
user O
to O
view O
the O
website O
. O

The O
attacker O
could O
also O
take O
advantage O
of O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
. O

These O
websites O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
view O
the O
attacker-controlled O
content O
. O

Instead O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
to O
convince O
users O
to O
take O
action O
 O
typically O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
click O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
or O
in O
an O
Instant O
Messenger O
message O
that O
takes O
users O
to O
the O
attacker's O
website O
 O
or O
by O
getting O
them O
to O
open O
an O
attachment O
sent O
through O
email O
. O

In O
a O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
 O
an O
attacker O
could O
host O
a O
website O
that O
contains O
a O
webpage O
that O
is O
used O
to O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

The O
attacker O
could O
also O
take O
advantage O
of O
compromised O
websites O
and O
websites O
that O
accept O
or O
host O
user-provided O
content O
or O
advertisements O
could O
contain O
specially O
crafted O
content O
that O
could O
exploit O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
 O
however O
 O
an O
attacker O
would O
have O
no O
way O
to O
force O
users O
to O
visit O
these O
websites O
. O

If O
a O
user O
clicks O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
 O
the O
user O
could O
still O
be O
vulnerable O
to O
exploitation O
of O
this O
vulnerability O
through O
the O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
. O

By O
default O
 O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
on O
Windows B-os
Server O
2003 O
 O
Windows B-os
Server O
2008 O
 O
Windows B-os
Server O
2008 O
R2 O
 O
and O
Windows B-os
Server O
2012 O
runs O
in O
a O
restricted O
mode O
that O
is O
known O
as O
Enhanced O
Security O
Configuration B-relevant_term
. O

This O
mode O
mitigates O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

See O
the O
FAQ O
section O
for O
the O
vulnerability O
for O
more O
information B-relevant_term
about O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
Enhanced O
Security O
Configuration B-relevant_term
. O

Systems O
where O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
is O
used O
frequently O
 O
such O
as O
workstations O
or O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
at O
the O
most O
risk O
from O
this O
vulnerability O
. O

The O
Restricted O
sites O
zone O
 O
which O
disables O
script B-relevant_term
and O
ActiveX O
controls O
 O
helps O
reduce O
the O
risk O
of O
an O
attacker O
being O
able O
to O
use O
these O
vulnerabilities O
to O
execute B-relevant_term
malicious O
code B-relevant_term
. O

If O
a O
user O
clicks O
a O
link O
in O
an O
email O
message O
 O
the O
user O
could O
still O
be O
vulnerable O
to O
exploitation O
of O
these O
vulnerabilities O
through O
the O
web-based O
attack B-relevant_term
scenario O
. O

By O
default O
 O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
on O
Windows B-os
Server O
2003 O
 O
Windows B-os
Server O
2008 O
 O
Windows B-os
Server O
2008 O
R2 O
 O
and O
Windows B-os
Server O
2012 O
runs O
in O
a O
restricted O
mode O
that O
is O
known O
as O
Enhanced O
Security O
Configuration B-relevant_term
. O

This O
mode O
mitigates O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

See O
the O
FAQ O
section O
for O
these O
vulnerabilities O
for O
more O
information B-relevant_term
about O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
Enhanced O
Security O
Configuration B-relevant_term
. O

Systems O
where O
Internet B-application
Explorer I-application
is O
used O
frequently O
 O
such O
as O
workstations O
or O
terminal O
servers O
 O
are O
at O
the O
most O
risk O
from O
these O
vulnerabilities O
. O

